So we know about health checks,
but let's do a deeper dive.
So the ALB is connected to a target group
with three instances,
and then we can set up health checks from the ALB
or the target group itself.
So in terms of settings,
we have seen there are multiple settings.
So at first, the protocol, HTTP, for example,
which is going to use HTTP protocol
to talk to your backend instances
to do the health check.
The port is where to talk to your instances.
So 80 is by default, which is the HTTP port,
but you can customize that.
The check path, okay, the health check path,
is where you want that there send the request to.
So slash means that there is to, send it to
the root of the websites,
but many websites or applications have a slash health route,
and this really helps to just have
a specific health check route
to test something specific on the EC2 instance.
The check timeout, which is how long
to consider the health check failed,
which is five seconds by default.
So after five seconds, then the health check
will be considered failed.
The interval, which is how often the target group
or the ALB will perform
the health check, and so if you set it to something very,
very low, maybe your application will be overwhelmed.
So 30 seconds is a good timeout, is a good interval for
health checks, but you can decrease this, of course,
the healthy threshold counts, which is
how many times the health check must be successful
before considering a target is healthy,
and the unhealthy threshold counts,
which is how many times the health checks should be
unhealthy in a row, before considering
that the instance is unhealthy, okay.
So in terms of status for the health,
we have initial when the target is being registered
healthy, unhealthy, unused,
which is when the target is not registered,
draining, when you are de-registering the targets,
unavailable when the health checks have been disabled
and then something that's good to know from
an exam perspective is that if a target group contains
only unhealthy targets, okay,
then the ELB will route request
across all the unhealthy targets,
just because maybe it assumes that the health check is
wrong, but maybe the health,
the instance can still work for some cases, okay.
This is a best effort scenario.
So that's it, now let me show you this in the UI.
So here I am in my target group
and I can edit the health check settings
that are clear from my target group.
And as we can see, we can
have the health check protocol to be HTTP or HTTPS
for this load balancer.
We have check path.
This is where to send the request to.
So it could be slash health, for example,
if it is programmed by your application,
and then the Advanced Health Setting.
So we can do a traffic port override
in case the health check is
on a different port on your institute instance,
if you want it to.
The Healthy threshold counts, okay.
So a lower, healthy threshold will make the instance go in,
in activation faster.
An unhealthy threshold, again,
the lower number, the faster an instance
will be considered unhealthy.
The timeout is really depending on how often you,
how fast you expect your health check to happen.
Some health checks can be very, very long.
So this is why you can have a large timeout,
but some health check can be very, very quick.
And so setting something like two seconds
could be good as well.
If it's a simple HTTP request,
the interval is how fast to send the objects.
So again, a faster interval means
that the instance will be put
in healthy state or unhealthy state faster
as well as the code.
So it could be any HTTP code you want.
Okay, sometimes you just don't send back 200,
you send back a specific code for your health checks.
So you can specify this as well.
So fairly simple, and in this example, when my target group,
if you look at the targets,
there has three of them to be unhealthy and healthy.
And this refresh that's sort of, three of them are healthy.
And for health checks,
you can see the health check settings right here, okay.
So that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.